 Okay, perfect everything works so Basically, I just like being able to record my sessions I want to record my session and see if there's a benefit to doing it currently though like You know I'm in the middle of doing some shit, and I just am I'm doing I'm witnessing so so many cool things I'm like I want to share with someone and I can't right now even though I've tried actually Like call a bunch of people which I'm recognizing. I'm just so excited about this shit that like it's um It's kind of crazy, so I just want to be able to like you know work around Maybe I work better like when I'm imaginary talking to myself trying to like show cases to a demo like or to end user That doesn't exist I'd like recording myself too because it's kind of fun looking back on because I Am taking a piece of time Saving it for eternity so I mean like no no distance of time, and I'm getting philosophical. I'm losing my plot, but Okay So I mean basically I don't want to think about explaining it to someone while I'm doing it, so I'm just kind of look around It would be cool if I could share it if I could I also have this other screen that's going off, but yeah Bobbing up and up and down You We're gonna stay in campaign review for now You You I mean if I tell you would that be the case currently I have an unlimited a subscription on an enterprise and We have a budget obviously Like I don't know why it's not easy to assume what API list price like you don't know the exact cost But you can I'm pretty sure you can estimate the exact cost like if I'm just on a unlimited like it tracks it Like I don't know why you wouldn't I don't know why it's an assumption if they if Claude and throbbing has a good Idea of how much things cost unless there's not a final amount like how much reasonable variability is there? Is there Between numbers in API responses like like How much is there like a range in dollar amount that you can you can give like an estimate? Instead of this because I swear there's like a pricing page right on on API usage I mean I I guess it is different because this is not I'm not using this Claude code like on based on API to enterprise Account that's bought on a budget right so I don't know I feel like you can make that assumption right I Know anything that's not able to be if it's on the page, and it's not true I don't I don't want to put anything on our slash clash base. That's not true Or at least highly suggested as being true You Wait did you change a slash why? Did you change slash why to be better like I did not give you some suggestions about shading slash why also? Or was it just a remaining feature? Okay, can you work on that while I'm reading The document or at least give it to someone else like give me a prompt that can allow it to be given to someone else and then also you should probably make if you if you decide that that's a good idea, then you should you should have it to be where campaigns now store like like information about if it was dispatched on the first run of the of the campaign or the second or like a follow-up run that's like tackling and I should also it should also be apparent like on the Agent if it's which of these remaining that it's working on right because this is still a sprint like I still want to be able To you know like in sprint nature if something is remaining we this is like a first sprint This is the first review first week of the sprint now. We're going to the second week. Not necessarily second week It's not that big of a stage. This is the review process like a sprint finished I'm like, okay wait, we need to close on this this and this like while we're in the meeting like imagine I'm in a meeting. I'm like telling people like okay, let's do this. This is by today, you know, I guess basically what I'm doing And Also, it should just have like I should be easily trackable to know which agent like if like it should be linked or attached or somehow like you know a very apparent what line in remaining is the agent working on and Maybe like anything that's any agent that's working on a remaining Should there should be like some color pulse that's happening in the remaining Tab for orange and also over there like if they should like be syncing up or something like that Like they're both blinking similarly or something, you know, I don't know Sorry accidentally and you continue continue where you're going Sorry accidentally and you continue continue where you're going Also, you should also work on the retrospective thing You should work on retrospectives the retrospective or maybe even give it to another agent dispatch another agent, you know, cuz I can Give me to give me another agent that's gonna work on that The retrospective kind of things because for me it's something that's the most important this instrument this session is so rich So you being able to reason on it and tell me like what was very good to improve orchestrator Because you're basically the orchestrator role, right? Like what was what was the best findings the general findings, right? Remember, you know like when I say findings and retrospective retrospective cast to be broad in general and like broadly applicable to other sessions Also, this is a miss how come I'm refreshing my screen and I don't see the agent card for the and and the thing isn't pulsing Yeah, okay. I see publisher down here. They're not posting at the same time Also, if it's something that's being worked on currently Don't you think the publisher remaining tag should be up top? I think it's something that's being worked on currently should be up top Also, this is a miss how come I'm refreshing my screen and I don't see the agent card for the and and the thing isn't pulsing Don't you think the publisher remaining tag should be up top? But yeah, you're being kind of stupid for that. That's mad. That makes me mad but the agent card Yeah, it should be very present. I don't know. I don't see it. I don't know why you did that also I should be able to click into a modal For to get the prompt on the agent You don't have it embedded yet because we didn't need we didn't have this page yet But for this like I don't want to have to talk about type slash prompt I want to just click click and paste, you know, that's what I want to do implement that right now and then do the other things I Don't like how these are a Look like they're the original agents like these were dispatched. These were not dispatched on the initial Campaign it should be very notable which agents are from a new campaign or from a new like from the very initials campaign Versus are coming in as a polisher like these are both. I like that word like these are both polisher agents Maybe you should change the word of the name of the polish agent name creation that you just did and make it These are both these are both polishers and this is a different type of thing and this is retrospector something like that I like those agent names much better to compare to what you have As orchestrator beacon compass and overwatch you don't have to change those just because you know, whatever but Also, don't pay attention to that screenshot you were just actively editing it editing it while I was doing that while I was working on this Or while I while while yeah, you get what I'm trying to say like don't take the screenshot is truth I guess I Want to do this then I'll be I'll actually send the other agent to go do that task in Parallel while we're reviewing the campaign document I Am moving like crazy. It's literally exponential I I Also something to note is that for the work items specifically for demoing to other people as a work item about it Like demoing to my manager and stuff or people a big benefit should be You know like sometimes imagine I'm sharing this to my friend Sharing it to my friend Matthew for example, and I'm like, yeah This is like what it does and they're like trying to see how it adds value to their life That should be a lot of what slash why does and I know you're gonna do you're gonna send me to do that right now With one of the agents right? remind me if I'm Correct me if I'm mistaken But but like knowing like oh shit This could be like life-changing for me not life-changing but like oh that would make my life easier that's the beauty of a good product and and and the niche of people who are making lives better are people who specifically work at Microsoft or people have quad code and they like could use something to kind of like get things around because right now a lot of the benefits is like a lot of What I've been working on is just itself like I'm self-improving mission control. But what if like mission control Is Something that's just like okay We like push out this get push right and then from this point this it becomes version one and version one goes out Right version two would be what much better Like it should exponentially better but version one like what like what it would make someone like oh, can you share this to me? Like this is something that would be very cool as someone who right user stories are very important when we're designing so as someone that's like That works on Microsoft, right and also this is sensitive data. So don't like maybe it's not smart to actually know you can put it works It's fine because it's private but they work Microsoft and you know, like we're we have access to cloud code and It's something that's like like I I'm trying to learn how to use agents. I'm not letting you try to I use agents But it's in a very restricted way It's like I have it in an extension in my in my CLI and it's just not able to serve it like another big benefit That like I don't use my ID with mission control. I don't need to this is basically An interface layer built on top of my IDE like cursor like even cursor I don't need to I don't want to look at files like that's not my job My job is to create and you know looking at fucking you know, yeah So this is something that's a very principal truth as well So you should put this in like a very important section in findings like something maybe that's like bolded I think I think you should also maybe while we're doing this categorize some things and findings as like Super duper important like there should be a hierarchy right now. It's just categories and sections Sorry, where is it? Findings yeah finding right now findings is just like like hard to see what findings are better than others, right? It's just like keeping track of it intense data, but you should try to do that. So Yeah, after you've done that right first before you go off and fix findings Please tell me like which agent to copy and what it's gonna work on stuff and then we can move forward Also, I think the name that it's under the name of like sprint one agent sprint two agents should be more creative a little bit more creative not crazy creative but like like because It should be more denotion like these aren't different sprints because I wouldn't consider polish and respect. I guess they are different sprints, but like Just more creative names. Maybe that's implied the beginning middle and end I think it's a little bit more creative. I think it's a little bit more creative I think it's a little bit more creative Just more creative names maybe that's implied the beginning middle and end or something, you know Also before you do any that reply to me Make sure that I know whether it'd be smart to close out of all these sprint one agents Is there a purpose to keeping them open anymore? I? Guess a cool benefit of this too is like the fact that that I Can save on tokens much better right now. I'm running like 1 million comp 1 million tokens and opus But now I can really like save on tokens if I can just limit agents to and see a lot see these very Sprint heavy tasks or like very fast tasks I don't you know take up a lot of tokens right except for one instead of having a bunch of different big ass conversations I'm having one big ass conversation and a bunch of small conversations. This also should be in findings as well Obviously more professional a little bit more professional and not as casual But yeah, that should be in findings as something that's bolded a little bit better And then you can go work on that after you've told me about What I asked you like just make sure and then and then okay go go for it start running at whatever you were about to do Maybe I should include this screen on here, but I guess it's not even like yeah You do that retrospective so that they have that retrospective aspect that they keep track of the dashboard, which I don't know, did you implement that? Did you implement it in dashboard? No, you didn't. That's also that you should also create another sub agent that can go do that as the third agent that's going to go out on this sprint. Because like I just closed out of I just closed out of some, I closed out of two, I think, it would have been nice for that for them to create their own. There's supposed to be a sub tab over here that would have been nice to add for like retrospective that's like super, super broadly accepted. Like OK, this might be important. This might or this is very important. This would be nice to have another person come in and look to see if this is something that should go in findings. Right. We don't want our data polluted. Also, again, right, make sure you prompt me back on what is my immediate task so I don't get stuck and you start flying off because I still have tasks. Right. So you always there's also an important finding as well. You can debate how important it is. But like like the nature of your interaction with me as a user and you being Claude is you should always make sure that if I have a task that is dependent on you, that you don't go running off because they did that. Right. That's also something in our retrospective. So maybe you can update the retrospective, whatever. But you should not go even now. Don't go update, for example, don't go update the retrospective before you've given me what I need to go fire off my tasks. My task is going to fire off these agents. Right. Because only I can open up a Claude CLI terminal and maybe eventually I can automate that process. But actually, yeah, add that to dispatch. Maybe we can make it so there's like you still interact with me, but at least when you're when I'm when I'm ready to be like, OK, yeah, go dispatch it. Go, you know, so. All she make you should make the luminous and the saturation a bit brighter or not maybe not bright. I don't know how to describe it. Like these are pretty muddy colors, in my opinion. You can make these cards also these bars a little bit higher, a little bit more three, maybe not 3D, but yeah. And also, you know, they hover when you hover over them. OK, that's good. But just, yeah, just the colors. It brings these up a little bit. Like in terms of the it here, like, for example, it in wins is perfectly fine. Like I like it when it's the text color, but the highlight color right here, this like bar over top, it should be cleaner. OK, these two agents are dispatched. I just did it right now. Also, this is a very interesting finding. I'm glad I caught this. Claude said that the server JS is too large. Let me read the relevant routing, which means my that we should prioritize trying to get maybe not here. Actually, no, you have to add it in. If I create a task while we're still in campaign review, then we have to do that. We have to finish it. We have to at least finish like we have to like say, OK, well, I'm no longer in campaign. But basically, yeah, this is interesting. We should find a way. I'm pretty sure I have a task for it. I'm not sure. But there should be a way better for me to walk through data like surface files. Like maybe there could be skills that we use. I wonder if there are skills. I still haven't even closed the skill in the agent gap. That's like kind of like the next big thing. I think also also in the campaign debrief, like we should be able to like mark when we're done with this debrief. And like I want to be able to click on it when I'm done. Or maybe you can have that power, too. But like I want there to at least be a visual process to me that I'm like I would be able to do if I wanted to where it's like, OK, we're done reviewing this. This is packed up. This campaign is done. And also, here's what we're going to move to the next campaign. Right. Here's like the next big things we want to focus on as we move to the next campaign. Things that we've noticed are like pretty high priority because they impact us doing stuff like they impact us in a way that would inconvenience. And if we were to fix it, it would bring up our productivity. Right. Well, my productivity. But yeah. Again, until I have dispatched it, please make sure that you like anything in here is relevant to Integrator and then otherwise I'll tell you. I can't decide if I should stay and say I tried to leave and say goodbye. It's killing me inside. If I could just get next to you, I'd probably be all right. But we're so busy in this life. We always say some other time. Why won't my tears work? It's been a decade since I cried. I got no dog left in the fight. The bar don't. Wasn't there some things that you said that you were going to do? I told you like to work in parallel while I read this document because now I'm actually going to read the document fully. So how sure are you that this is accurate? Just real quick. Just one sentence. Just tell me and then also tell me what you could what you think would make this price go down because obviously you have access to mission control and like what I'm trying to do my mission and like, you know, eventually I'm trying to make my agents a lot better and more specialized. Right. So yeah. Also part of this campaign review is also I should know when I should clearly know when an agent is needs approval. Like it should be notification sound. I'm pretty sure this is a work item, but this is like pretty crucial because I keep flip-flopping forgetting if something someone needs me, right? My time is more valuable than that. So this would be P zero and we should try to prioritize this over whatever you might be working on. But maybe what you're working on is more important. I don't remember. Also, I think some agents are done and I would know that right. I would know like you could tell me when like, oh shit agent so-and-so investigator just got finished. I'm pretty sure which agent is this got finished. I don't remember the retrospective agent got finished only took three minutes to pretty nice. I feel like a piece of shit. Also, I want I want to be able to click between when we're on the campaign debris for each push, right? So it should be a switch. I should be able to switch and be like, okay, this is initial pull push and this is a follow-up campaign debrief which campaign debrief includes a subset of wins losses and remaining right because this would help me be able to that justice quicker. But we're leaving we're moving at lights. This is kind of cool. Don't you agree? This is beautiful. Okay, if there's 95% plus confidence, can you also make that very apparent when you're looking at this entire page? Like it should be kind of like a very central part but biggest drivers cash right tokens. Yeah. Every time a new session starts or context gets compacted it recreates the cash. So the highest. Okay, that makes sense. I think also having like a click like a slash like there should be something at the bottom that either drops down maybe that like takes me to yeah, it should drop down. So it should be on the same page. You don't need to make another sub page. It should drop down that it's like improvement plan like what would get my cost down like an analysis you should write an analysis and like be like, okay based on the dashboard, right? So you have access to a lot of things actually you're kind of you should you should use some research your agents. So like I said, I should be able to know. Sorry, you should be able to know looking at agents like, okay. You can read all my prompts and be able to recognize things that I'm doing in my workflow and obviously they're improving over time. So you can even track it by time. That's another dimension. I want to look at in metrics. So we're turning full of data scientists here, right? But in a data science to sat and like looking at all these prompts that are Friday gifts maybe not looking at all of them because there's a lot but you know having a smart index of them right because again data science. This is what we're doing. This is it's here right having a way to be like, okay, a frada has this unique style of doing this this XYZ way or like kind of like has this habit or is this this is his workflow. You can also tell based on whether I'm mad about something in a chat like what I'm like know this is good because I get feedback. I always get feedback right? That's the beauty of these prompts is that in my prompts is the feedback so you can you can have you couldn't infer so much right? So yeah, this is the next big task of yours. Yeah. Can you explain how the notification sound works because I guess I have to do I have to refresh my page. I don't pay the keys like Alicia. If retrospective is different just put it on the campaign page to where it's something I can review. I want to be able to review it. Also, I want to know whether something has been reviewed or not. So it's kind of like I know like what's left on the campaign because obviously campaigns are big right? This is a big push. So yeah, if you understand what I'm trying to say. Also, why is there no I told you in follow-up it should include the same things if I click follow-up I should have follow-up wins follow-up losses. Maybe this is not good to do in the middle of it. But I guess yeah, that makes sense. But if you understand I'm trying to say there should be all of that like what was the result as of this and I know some of these agents are still active. So maybe you could tell me that that's not that's not important. Yeah, I want you to do that task right now. Yeah, this would be beautiful. I'd rather do this. They're going to school. I tell you I miss you. You You You like I feel to tie the credit my little the boys more like five eyes that's how bad the little is a game straight from Auntie we think the boy no car lease my cup of pink like a Barbie I'm sorry not sorry let me answer can't go to the did you review this properly because otherwise wouldn't wouldn't there be wins and losses section or whatever section and follow up also I don't hear notification sound ever so he's like. I don't think you have the follow ups for the agents you don't have you're not you're not doing the behind the scenes work to make this actively track which which task it is or which card it is in the dashboard and then if it's if it's done then it's done because in the same nature as dashboard. This is basically an extension of dashboard. I at least the logic should carry over because like there I bet you some of these agents are done right, but we don't even know because you haven't done you haven't done the logic to connect them properly on hooks hooks is the benefit of taking stress off of Seabrooks right Seabrooks is nice for certain things and for connecting gaps, but hooks also connects the other gap of making sure we don't over throttle it because if we have hooks and we can just do it ourselves all the time right so. Yeah, this is very cool also. **** I kind of forgot there's there's isn't there this task that exists about maybe it's in the dispatch page, but it's related to. Okay, basically the there I don't think there's a task that exists about presenting hooks, but I want to be able to present hooks to my teammates and to be honest, I don't want to show the mission control yet because a this could be my own product and be it's just not done yet, so I want to be able to like show give an extension of something that I've learned through this project that should be that you should create a work item for this and you should also add it to the remaining subset of both of all you know it should be remaining no matter what should I click on and so and also after you've like basically on Camp Rain debrief if something is in remaining and it's done the tag should be the tag in remaining or the tag in wins or actually there should be there should be. Because wins is like done right maybe you could put it in wins or you could put it in its own wins like wins wins like same thing initial push all when I'm filtering through all wins, I need to be able to know which of these wins came from which which push did it come from the initial push or the follow up right. But anyways, I just wanted to place emphasis on that the I want you to create a task about demoing hooks to my to my person and this should be P zero because like I have work on Monday. So like I want to be able to present something and hooks are very cool, but I don't know what's a good application of it in the context of work. I work at Microsoft, but we just had this thing called FHL, which is Fix Hack Learn and it's where you get to just go fuck around and experiment right and I want to be able to be like oh yeah, I did this in my free time and actually this connects full circle right so basically I am using Claude also my work laptop right to do this cares guide thing. I don't know if you've been able to see it on on on this back. If not, you should you should familiarize yourself and add some work items or add some context to where this is something that you know, but at work I am working on a cares guide right and maybe I can kind of show this cares guide right and fit hooks into the context of the care guide as a big emphasis like I learned two main things I learned like how cool coding can be and also like I don't want to show them that I was I don't want them to I don't want someone to be able to infer that I had mission control right. I wanted to think that I just was coding this you know in in a CLI like like I'm Tony Stark and you know I built I built some **** in in a cave with a box of scraps you know like on some wow that's kind of crazy that you did something like this right because they don't know and then also yeah just if there's something that you have to prompt me to do make sure it happens like if you need if you have there's a task for me make sure again give me the task before you move on. Also, we should probably have a follow up follow up type of follow up type of retrospective that like updates the retrospective based on this campaign debrief right and also when I'm reading the retrospective that text is not UI friendly at all right if there's a color like again I've told you time and time again this UI friendly principle is so important to me and you wrote text that I'm going to review these patterns are so long like some of these you did did good in like you you try to highlight the path the exact file path not to read but dot like you did that but it's still not nearly as good like I should be able to identify who what agent had a part in which part of this and like kind of like how it connects to the bigger picture idea right because this is so important to me but also I don't know if this because you're editing but when as soon as I as soon as I open a retrospective card it it's turned into unreviewed. Also, where's my ask about having this ability to work or like like mark a campaign as done right what if I'm done you don't like is it after I say review all the mark all as reviewed also you shouldn't make that a feature because if I don't want to review anything I should be able to mark something as active and come back to it later right if I don't have the time but yeah do this and then if you prompt me with a prompt and then go do stuff. If you could come with me. Oh. Yeah. Well, you could have the world in the palm of your hands you still might drop it and everybody want to reach inside your pockets. I tell them red light. Stop it. Shit that give me more headaches and alcoholics. There was nothing in my wallet just a lot of dreaming. I built a crib on top of the promised land. We'll call it even. I bring more flavor than all the seasons winter spring summer fall the grass is always cleaner till I cut it off. Please lead me to my studies. I give you no applause. My hands been counting money and it's hard to beat a boss but somebody gotta do it. Make your soul. Often with the bullshit and baby I've been doing enough for the both of us to come over later and we won't let no one close to us. Yeah. Okay. Well, you can have the world in the palm of your hands. You still might drop it and everybody want to reach inside your pocket so it goes. It's like in every conversation we need to top it. Hey, you you you gotta hide in the corner. No, I was even playing bro. I have a disc or open bro. I'm one HP bro. N***a said don't get a crack. That's what he's look. Uh fucking uh bro. You want? Uh I can be. Yeah, I can hop on honestly. I need a break. Nah. Nah. That's up. That's up. What? What? You're done? Alright. Yeah, I'm not even gonna play bro. I'm finna just watch. Yeah. Honestly, that that works for me, bro. Say that. Say that. Say that. You see what the n***a been. Let me hide that screen bro. So, um do you what do you what are you gonna what what did I even show you last time? Was it I don't even I don't remember. It was the um just Fredo made and I was just scrolling through like the bookings. Oh bro. Yeah, I didn't even show you this project bro. Have I have I shown you mission control? Um dude, so um I I need to get to a better page. Maybe uh Uh did it update? Um I've been having a time bro. So, I made this video right. See the agents. See every agent touch through. I guess that's the tagline it came up with, right? Right. So, basically, the product, I'm I'm just giving you the sales pitch just cuz it's not really a sales pitch but just like the like, you know, whenever you're showing something to someone, like it's like the first things that you tell them are very important, right? So, I'm like trying to like. That's true. I'm making you feel confused, right? So, um let's say you have a cloud code, right? You know what cloud code is? Nah, break it down. Break it down. Cloud code. Okay, that's crazy. It's actually not crazy cuz I only know about it because of um cuz of work. They are close like the CLR that niggas be using. Yes. Yes. But it's it's some of it's the best, I think in my opinion, the best um coding standard in industry right now, cloud code. This like like when I say coding standard, I mean like using cloud code as the the engine to serve all your engineering purposes and with cloud code, you can literally like build on top of it like make interfaces so you don't even use it like that's what I'm trying to that's the stage I'm reaching, right? I'm using cloud code for so long. Not not for long but like so much that like I'm at a point now where I'm like uh like I'm like becoming the architecture like organizing agents bro. Like I didn't think it was possible and it's like it's like have you ever seen Dr Stone? Yeah, I'm not caught up though. Okay. Um yeah, I'm just I've never seen this show but you know how it's just like you know it's all about evolution and **** all this. Yeah, I've seen like I was all right. It's like I'm just like I'm past the the certain point of civilization where like I can get to a point where I don't have to type but it wasn't like that. It wasn't like that. Alright, so. But by default though, most people in industry especially like **** like some companies internally have even started buying cloud code for their team like for me, it's not all of Microsoft but my org shout out them bro. They bought us cloud code to use as like you should be using this right? Dead **** life changing life changing right? So because I the budget for the entire org is a million dollars a month. Isn't that **** crazy like they it got damn they showed it right so they they give it all this **** to everybody. I I have not been asked about it at all right so I know I'm kind of getting into the weeds but this this kind of gives you an idea of like okay what like what is cloud code right? Like what's the the benefit? The benefit is just I look you don't really need an IDE like it looks very scary but it's basically an IDE for your desktop versus like you don't have to really use the IDE when you're doing this. I don't use IDE anymore to be honest. I don't I don't want to look at files bro. There are better ways to present present data to me and present a problem to me and for me to create a create a solution than me looking at this **** this **** where is it? I don't even got VS code or anything. I have I have VS code but. Okay, I have VS code on my laptop my work laptop but let me try and get yeah look hold on I have cursor too because you know you can get cursor with your student email for free for a year. Wait your suit is still valid. Yeah well basically I finessed it where you could I know I'm kind of getting off track here. I should probably get back on track. Yeah, I'm gonna get back on track but anyways yeah like cursor is just I don't need to do that right so. That's cloud code right let's say you have cloud code right eventually you start out. You're like you know doing this you know okay do this do this okay you did this right you know this is like the back and forth ping pong let you start to do when you're when you start using cloud code right but it's insanely powerful especially when you have certain models like Opus Opus one of the models it's low key. It's it it got crazy potential when you when you utilize it right. So when I was making when I was making you know when I was making Fredo made I was using it but I was just like a one window like pleb just like okay fix this wait five minutes it fixed okay let me look demo it oh shit something's fucked up hey you fuck something up okay let me investigate okay and you know like that back and forth that was my process that was my workflow which is like that's what coding workflow is like no matter what right it just got sped up to where I can do a lot more but that workflow is still something that's apparent when you don't know how to improve it right so so I recognized this I saw the gap just right and so like I realized like something that would all it started as this idea of making this was like I wish there was a place where I could visualize agent cards and just tagline because I'm like bro if because eventually I started just having two of these open right I'm like okay I'm gonna have two of these open this one worked on debugging this one worked on implementing right that type of thing right I'm like oh wow I'm doing crazy shit like I was like yo I'm crack right and then I realized like every time I switched contexts like I moved from one screen to another I I'm like bro what even is like I don't I forget bro I literally forget like I'm like what am I when you when you're in charge of doing so much like you're able to do so much part of like the responsibility or the trade-off is now you have to keep track of a lot of information and organization is key and also like what's your eyes see like what I read every word I read is important now I can genuinely be overloaded with information if I'm not smart right and that'll just that'll not only frustrate me but it'll just take so much more time so then I was like okay let me just make a simple dashboard right I'll make like a simple thing right it'll like say what each agent fucking it'll tell me if I have a window open that took a while to do because my workflow was so ass I was still doing that back and forth workflow debug debug right then I realized there are a lot of like important important principles right that's it's kind of crazy it's a lot of inception stuff so like if you have questions stop me bro like if you have a question because this is not this is more or less like I know I'm kind of like it's to create this shit you were doing you were using your old workflow yeah yeah exactly create this yeah yeah so it's like there are a lot of benefits but eventually it's like the benefit of this project of or like the benefit that I seek to to have is like to make my life easier and to do more right and also like to not make the same mistakes because Claude bro Claude is a fucking idiot when you don't like they're dumb you have to babysit them this is basically a big ass crib like I'm giving a baby crib and putting all my agents in this baby crib and like making sure I can watch them make sure that you know I'm saying like that's what it is right and so yeah but again stop me if you have questions but sorry I'm flipping through shit but yeah so that that's a that's a big big thing I don't even know where I was I forgot what I was trying to say but anyways right so I get it you clock goes running multiple agents yeah multiple agents oh yeah yeah running multiple agents and then I'm like okay it would be super cool just to have a place for them to sit like place for them to sit and eventually I was like okay what if I I started to realize I have the same problem so I was like okay what if I make a summarization thing that like someone comes in and looks at all these prompts because these are all the prompts that I give it mind you nigga this is gold this is liquid gold bro like all this information and mind you I'm talking to it so I have this other thing that like like it's addiction basically I can just press a key key key bind and it'll record my speech it'll transfer it and then it'll do that so I can be talking for like five minutes bro about something versus typing that right there was the first X I had this shit since like I start bro 17 days in a row I used to work like it's genuinely daily top 1% what that shit is ridiculous right genuinely that's that's that's like the biggest like if you want improvement in your workflow get some shit that you can talk instead of typing like that'll it's tiring it can be a little bit more tiring to talk all the time but like it's it's if you want to do more that's how you do it right so I started doing all this prompt shit right started doing all this **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** and then eventually I started to realize okay I want to do more stuff with this right and that's kind of that's kind of all this project started as was just like I just want to be able to have like whenever an agent is being stupid I can just go like hey look look at back at the prompt like you know go in and see what you did wrong because you obviously didn't read me so I was like go go back and read it basically that's what I said like go back go back to your room right and so and so then um listening yeah exactly right so a lot of a lot of a lot of like issues that you have when you're using cloud code like this or just AI in general right but especially when you're trying to do like something like code based or even not code based just anything AI related right at least where you're trying to run multiple threads um so like you have an agent ask you a question I didn't read these yet so we'll see if these are nice you didn't notice uh because it's buried oh yeah like an agent asked you a question four minutes ago and I don't get a notification that's also a big thing like I'm like like are these done you can't tell like if I have all these up and I'm like flipping between I'm not looking to see if these are done I have to go here do this okay okay this is done okay this that's tiring bro I'm telling you doing this I'm doing that a million times like you get so fucking stressed right um you fixed a bug I don't know why this is uh here this is kind of fried uh it is how well I guess you fixed a bug you fixed this exact bug oh oh oh I didn't read the second part the new agent doesn't this thing didn't you read his own shit it's about to break yeah I made I made it updated like I had my own shit that I knew but um it updated uh um your agents make mistakes like you know uh you correct it like this is this is the killer feature right so this is basically what I started to realize when I was starting to keep track of data is like like you can make mistakes once if you know how to utilize your workflow you don't have to make the same mistakes again and that sounds crazy right because like the easiest way to do that is just to make it so every time imagine you had a file right you gave it to the agent and like like imagine it said like it did something where it didn't check the server to see um if it was open before telling me to go check it right that used to be a problem I had all the fucking time when making freight over me dead ass I'll come here she'll be broken I'm like like nigga you didn't even you didn't even give me back you didn't even give me the ability to review what you did now I gotta sit here and debug for 10 minutes five minutes you know that is so annoying because then I lose my track I lose my like you know my momentum the ball's not rolling anymore right then I realized there are a lot of mistakes that you have uh a lot of mistakes that happen often right and so for example right now it's kind of um uh fucking let's I guess findings right a lot of mistakes happen right and some of these are things that like pain points and it's such a funny word like I remember like like did you learn about what pain points are and shit oh no yeah I took this stupid I took this stupid ass class pain point is just a funny way to say like like in the world of PMing in the world of like like products and like business and shit right in that entire world like when you are creating a product it's for a user right that's that's like the foundational like Adam and Eve um logic of of what a product is definition of what a product is right and how it relates and you have users and those users have issues those users have issues and your products should have the ability to solve those issues that you've set out to solve so these are the issues pain points it's just an easy way to say like like what are like some like as as a user right and it's important to specialize the user meaning I know this is some techy ass shit but like it's just like a way to um uh like the student right a student a student or like a Microsoft employee that can be those are two different users so you can say like as someone at Microsoft I have trouble managing multiple agents as someone who's a student it's hard for me to learn in class or you know like stuff like that you're trying to describe things and as someone that uses mission control I have all these pain points right so these are something that's something that's important to kind of like it like this is this is how I improve the project and I don't even have to think about it myself I can give it I can as soon as I encounter something that's fucked up that I'm like okay you did something wrong you need to identify the pain point and like like what is the issue right what is like some shit that was stupid and what did what did you learn right like for example uh and this is this is the beauty of it it's like directly close right I'm like it's kind of hard when I have uh one task and I'm trying to navigate between different terminal windows who's who right so multi-agent coordination is is manual that's something that's I'm trying to solve right another thing is a huge issue for me right now is um uh is being able to know which yeah same thing I don't actually it's funny it's the same thing prompt format friction that's something uh that's not that uh agent deliverables I need to be I need to sort this shit to to make it give them part ones but also there's some there is one of these that has uh that's the point what I like to show right in caps because because I have the diction and it it it like realized that I was screaming so we decided to pull it in all caps no this is crazy right that's what I'm saying right so then I uh um that shit was definitely like at least two three question marks bro yeah dude I was I was frustrated trust me I get mad at this shit right and playwright testing is just a way for it to be like bit hey take a screenshot of the page right take a screenshot if you took a screenshot of the page then you wouldn't have had this issue and I kept running into this issue right where um also again stop me if you have questions I ran into this issue where bro if I if you're using AI you're you're fucking this is actually so crazy how long ago this was like when I was trying to make my website on Squarespace nigga I'm never I'm I need to delete Squarespace off my fucking bro delete that fucking that that website too bro yeah this is look this is when I was trying to debug with like I've come so fucking far it's kind of crazy this was this is February 22nd that's crazy but um anyways uh so but look like screenshots galore dude like I keep showing it why something is wrong especially on here like there are certain things that would be bugged I'm like like why aren't these color coded these are supposed to be color coded if you just took a screenshot you would have solved it right so we're just kind of going I'm just deep diving into one example of why like there's so many things like that so many problems that occur well I'm like this can never happen again right because it it fucking fucks me over so much it's it saves so much time if I didn't have to do this and you're an AI agent they can do it yourself why do I have to do it right I should I should just come up with the the big picture ideas like you're just implementation should be my thing right I'm not one of these low low level clankers you feel me right uh it's like nah I have that right so uh you correct it right so you you your question becomes a finding right it becomes a finding its title described a lesson and it's not buried in the transcript and it gets stored in the knowledge base right so what's the what the fuck is the knowledge base um there's a bunch of miles basis there's also post mortems that I create right you know what a postmortem is yeah I know postmortem dead right that same thing yeah dead yeah postmortem is a funny engineering word that somehow I got introduced to at work on my new team and it's just uh like uh a retrospective like it's basically like like what went wrong like it's like imagine having it's like some shit you have an incident at work let's say let's say for example remember the incident you were you were in um at work right um afterwards let's say your manager was like all right or the org like host weekly retrospect or uh post mortems and in there you just kind of go in and try to identify how this can stop happening in the future like what went wrong okay and like what's something that would stop this again from happening right it's that same principle so postmortem is just like okay I don't know why it's called postmortem but I don't know it's just maybe I should just call it retrospective but yeah it's just like a good way of like something crazy just happened we need to learn from this this is a learning lesson right so I would have all these these are like crazy ass incidents that or like yeah bro like like when I say crazy it's not crazy but this is a funny one that I like to show to people right I've only showed this to like two or three people right so basically um there was this I need to make this more animated this would be funny uh uh I had this issue right where I was on the page I was on the page but there's this the server can become stale meaning the agent said hey go check this out and it's not there it's like a couple changes behind right and so I was working with this agent to update the page and so it's like oh you would just need to restart do you want me to restart it for you and I was like hold up let me test my workflow right let me test like let me let me open up a new a new terminal let me go see if like this shit can actually fix the issue and detect the issue by itself let me see if I've been improving right nigga tell me why the session was like like because it was outdated right so everything on the screen it didn't show the new changes certain things were old right it only had there was only um one agent card in here even though I had five process terminals so it was like oh that means there must be a bug let me just kill all these terminals oh nah nigga right nigga and it was about to kill the so at first I didn't realize what it was saying because I was like oh maybe it's right and then I gave it right because I keep session I track sessions and like so it's I know which agent's doing which right I know where's what so I gave the agent the one that it wanted to kill because I didn't want to kill all the men wanted to kill like two of them right I gave it I gave it um the chat and I was like oh this uh I'm trying to test if our workflow is better like look here it's like and then the agent was like dude don't do whatever you do do and I was like oh yeah now I need to like I need to make a way for this to happen again because imagine if it deleted then I would have been Saudi because like I now not only is my server stale I gotta figure out I now know that it's a server stale issue even me learning the biggest thing is me learning like bro I know how to recognize certain issues now and I'd like certain issues if I if it if it occurs I create a post mortem I have a learning session have something to to to learn from it and then a systematic fix there's always a systematic fix right so now this goes into the next part of the demo also like you know stop nigga stop me whenever you have questions because I know we're kind of like I'm dancing around all these different topics so if you have something like please ask me um you don't got no questions uh and not not really not really I need to see the I'm trying to see the whole yeah okay okay okay so so then I was like okay okay do you know what a clod.md file is probably not obviously right so clod.md is uh basically like I don't know like a readme it's just a readme but it's the highest level readme in every window like because then I started to realize like okay in order to make things never happen again I need to understand when I when I do this and I create a new clod agent what information does it have access to what's the workflow what's injected into it right I need to be able to manage what a fresh fresh agent will look like like and and what are the rules that it follows what are the guidelines guardrails right yeah so then I made this workflow page I'm telling you this is literally right it's just a rabbit hole project bro like to create to solve my problem I created another solution he created more problem I created more problems by being able to develop bro it's kind of crazy right and so so then I like learned about this I'm like okay how does this even work because this is just a it's just confused it's just like a uh hand waving for me I don't understand it right so then um right uh clod md right the way it works do you want me to explain it to you or do you just kind of want to see like uh just generally how fit I actually I'll be in charge of that so if you wanted to know right the way agents work especially this shit like I need to make this better actually I need to okay it's probably just like a config file yeah hold on hold up let me um can you uh create a task to also make the agent workflow diagram better because right now it's just kind of hard to explain to someone if I were not only myself but also just people right okay sorry you know basically this is like this is the 10 commandments bro right here this this is 10 commandments level shit like um also refer to clod.md as the 10 commandments or like some type of convention right so um this shit like these this is injected to every single terminal ever and right and so I started to realize these issues that I was like I never want to come across this again and if you're like you just want to inject it into every single one which has its trade-offs this is how you do it right so there are certain things I'm like this is so important to my workflow and just errors that I've come across that you need to have this everywhere which all of you have hidden post mortems behind them because there are real issues that I encountered and so I can always go in here into post mortems into post mortems and always like like update this area update anything in my workflow based on post mortems so it's like a self-serving thing it's like self-evolving that's that's kind of like the the beauty of of of the project that I am like really really invested into because I could just it just every time I make some changes I'm exponent like nigga Dr Stone I'm exponentially getting better like I'm exponentially producing more right in a very systematic way yeah I'm saying I'm just using Dr Stone because it's the first thing that came to mind there's probably way better maybe like Civ 6 yeah I'm it's more like Civ 6 I'm entering some new errors or some shit but and so um there's also these things called hooks it's it's not complicated to explain at all but it's just this is just how the dashboard works like it's just a like how it's able to detect this stuff like every time I get a prompt it's like okay when get prompt do this so I have a bunch of those right um I have a bunch of those that are like these are telemetry this one is quality right and it's it's a script that executes on an action so anytime a tool gets done you're being used it makes sure that the server is good anytime that um the server wants to run again we make sure it's not stale right because I was like this shit should never happen again and guess what it never happened again I never ran into that issue yet beforehand I would run into this issue all the time genuinely right um so just and this is a memory files this is just something else that's also injected into it right it's it's like the first two lines 100 lines are always loaded in context and this is the first thing that it goes to uh surface right this is also important because like I had random shit in here like nigga I had some shit from my photography project injected into cloud code terminals doing this project I'm like why is that the case right now I'm like I'm understanding what a workflow the workflow of an agent does like how how I can better optimize it right to avoid these post mortems so that was super cool right something else even also right also uh in workflow we should also add a section about um or like another topic about toolbox and and how tools and agents other agents get a call I'm telling you niggas I'm using this bro I'm a liar man right so uh uh basically I have this other area so do you know what tools or um or do you know what skills and agents are I would expect you to but I just I might as well ask what you mean skills and agents well glad you asked so basically in AI development right this is claw I think this is only cloud specific but this is like a pretty good convention that happens every not just in cloud but other like command line AIs right so agents you can create and this shit can call sub agents right agents that's like okay I want I'm gonna do that I'm gonna I'm gonna invoke I'm gonna call this right and what it does is it creates literally another terminal window that's that's um hidden right you know it doesn't pop open because I don't need to do that uh this is the interface interface meaning this is the shit that I interact with I don't need to interact with the sub agent right um so it calls this and it basically injects this big ass fucking file like and this is the fucking LARPing like you are the code architecture you are the guard you are the QA and this shit is very very good like it's kind of crazy how good it's kind of QA right and I also have this other like these skills right which is the same thing a little bit but it applies it to this agent that's currently at hand instead of a sub agent right so this is how it works and so these are all skills that my agents could go look at because beforehand what would happen I had all this shit and it would just like fucking only look at three I'm like nigga I have all this other shit what if you just did that but oh shit my bad nigga you know like that's that's annoying right so and as you can see that that that uh repetitive feeling of like bro come on I'll tell it to I'll be like dude you're fucking up like what are you doing like this is dismal and you can see literally in my prompts like eventually I'm gonna have like a prompt database that like like does some cool shit on everything you'll see like how much better my workflow has gotten and like my prompts and like how much less frustration I have right okay so we're nearing like the crazy shit we're about to get to the crazy shit because mind you you see how we're like improving like exponentially right we're like okay now this is becoming a lot easier right yeah from just the tony stark in a cave right I'm not I'm not in a cave no more now I'm back you know I'm like starting to add my shit right um so then fuck what comes next I guess um dispatch right so then simply like being able to track stuff being able to track stuff that's what it is right um also I have this other cool thing like this switches between work and home which is so cool bro because I'm gonna use this at work this is probably the biggest benefit of work bro like dead ass my work is gonna be so easy and fun it's not gonna be necessarily more easy but it'll just be like I can spend more time doing shit um anyway he's gonna be working on his product while he's at work dead ass I'm not doing it now but like basically I can push this it goes to my work laptop and I just switch to switch and now I'm in work mode so it'll it'll and there's a complete different layer of abstraction I worked on this today it was pretty fun but um fun nigga I sound like a nerd I'm telling you this is so it's so fucking fun bro right and so now once you're in the flow bro I'm genuinely yeah once I understand once you understand it you realize how what what you can actually do and so I know this is a simple combined board this was pretty fun to iterate over like for example um I'll show you really there are a lot of aspects to this though bro yeah I know yes exactly I gotta go to sleep soon bro yeah I'm sorry I thought this was about to be quick bro yeah okay I'll I'll get a fourth set huh I saw I saw eight tabs I was like hold on yeah um I'll get to like the mind-breaking shit now so it's just I'm just kind of I'm just showing off stuff I can kind of get off the rails but it's good tell me what else yeah what's the wait this is mission control what's the other shit though it had like a uh black background this the I think it was the landing page essentially like the uh where is it is it even open this yeah oh yeah it's the same oh it's just one okay okay yeah it's the same thing that's here it's connected okay oh yeah I guess yeah this is actually what we should read uh so every future agent reads it on startup um right and then the product evolves itself so something that's been like cool is this prevention right and it decided to find some shit for me you know data change is not UI change audit get tracking building sync fixtures right how I can transfer it to my computer laptop uh one agent one url total visibility agents that learn that's kind of like the thing right and he doesn't replace your tool it's delay that makes them makes you the one in control of them right you don't need it vs code mc is the interface meaning yeah I don't have to interact with anything else right um this is so funny to be uh uh it's actually uh linear for human teams I don't care about this 100 local yep uh nothing leads your machine um mc is air traffic control for your ai agents not the planes not the destination dude okay uh one command uh server 30 infinite sessions all right so I'll just show you I'll show you the cool things that I've been able to do now right so now we'll get to the inception stuff um because I'm actually finished with this so campaigns dude this is what I've been working on today dude right so um all these are agents I've reached this age bro I have some agents that are like agent cli windows that I it'll it'll I'm telling it what to do like after like a very long session that I've been having so uh this one 35 prompts nigga look at all this stuff bro I've been talking talking talking mapping out a bunch of stuff right and basically I have all this crazy shit that I like it made this alt bro like and it's it's like it'll I have different pushes right so first I had I had this four window setup right I had this one window setup and I prompted all these and then I now I'm on the second session and I have the wins I have like these different sprints and these are all like and I can just like go click on this uh fuck hold up I can go um well something that was actually a good uh let's see dark mode landing page no what's something cool five new uh findings captured um yeah hold up the thing that I could show you that also I did now so now now you can imagine I have a crazy ass workflow right so the last thing I'll show you is um this fucking this what I was able to do in this one uh session right I only had like fucking like let me look let me see this this is the last thing I'll show you so you can go to bed um um this right here right so 10 prompts um not too into it's not that crazy right some of these are a lot more small basically I was like okay let's say I wanted to start keeping the cost of track or keep keeping track of costs like how much I'm spending because it'd be funny to me right because I'm not paying a dime and also um it could just be a limit test like I'm like trying to see like okay how you know how long will it take to do something like that because that that sounds pretty complicated right like to be able to keep track of it right so um so then it made this right it's not you know like visually it's very pleasing but it's like okay what's the benefit of it you can see numbers right whatever right so um right it tracks sessions and there's 95 oh I guess um it deleted the night oh yeah right here oh nigga what why did I break that for my eyes oh shit hold up I gotta tell someone to fix it also before you do anything please fix uh slash cost I don't know what just happened everything is zero is now uh please restore immediately right now I guess hold up um let me actually not give that agent it let me give it this agent let's see okay can you look at slash cost right now immediate attention uh right now everything's are zeros I don't know what just happened please fix it so I can go back to demoing to my friend this is even another cool way of seeing how it works um right which ideally I would have to go and see like okay what's wrong whatever um so all zeros transcripts returning nothing let me check why also why is it asking me for commands isn't aren't we in bypass I guess not the hell oh that's annoying for some reason this agent has no bypass anymore I have this bypass where it's like I have such good guardrails that it doesn't need to prompt me for stuff anymore but like questions or it doesn't have to prompt me for questions until it's done of what I did right and I have a very good workflow like I said to where like I'll say if you have tasks for me don't go off running and just writing code before you tell me what to do because we are both uh sorry continue um this is annoying as fuck but this is basically how I was coding initially this is how I code at work too like I have to fucking sit here and press two every five seconds like it's annoying as hell like dude I I thought this is kind of embarrassing but um is there another way breath it's just for every command like this could it could do it like straight up like it would probably finish it in a minute or so um back there you go um let's go I don't even want to know why it fucked up now I'm just back here right um right so I uh nice little demo so uh so eventually first I was like okay try and do it and it like actually has reason to believe why this is the actual cost like 95 confidence because this is like taken directly from anthropic right which is crazy bro three that three bags but it's it's like I'm a software they're already paying me bags so it's like you know um not paying me bags like they yeah it's it's cheaper for them to pay this than to increase my salary um but so then uh something else that I discovered was uh uh where I'm I did was trying to understand if I could make this number lower right so it went through all the prompts right because now that I'm just keeping track of all this data the data is the money right so I got all these prompts and it has the it did like a whole data analysis on on this stuff and then also cost reduction analysis and was like what you're doing obviously the issue is I'm using opus all the time right there are uh two there's two different models this is the like broken ass model that you shouldn't be using all the time this is like the the flagship model like the which was on by default but I've been so I've been in so much of like a I need the most because you you're so asked that I've been doing this but now I can genuinely switch back to this I don't need to like at least I think I can only just I can just have one window using this and the rest of windows using this right it's kind of fun um and yeah like bro like nigga I haven't even began to understand what this is saying I just kind of like made this page and then I dm'd you and then I went to the bathroom wait like that no way yeah I'm serious yeah it's very clean is it what was your question no I was about to ask like cost but it's all estimation no it's but it's it's it's pretty accurate though that's that's like uh accuracy yeah or 95 percent confidence so it's like like there is a five percent difference in price that it could be up or down give or take yeah but otherwise I'm I'm spending bags since I spent 200 today like and they and they you know like even people on our team they're like oh this is great like the more money we want you to be using clod so much that you run our pockets like that's what my manager's manager did it give suggestions based off of like uh like towards the bottom like uh based off like the prompts like did it give suggestions on like uh you could be like condensing your prompts or you could just uh your prompts are getting well what this is what it's it I didn't I didn't even tell it to do that so in fact now I can be like this would be the last thing you can see so like how to increase my prompts or actually that's kind of what this is right the cost reduction yeah can you tell me and explain or not tell me but can you go implement an additional card of cost reduction analysis that talks about specifically how um my prompts can be structured better like gives me feedback like you could be doing x like this maybe this could be a whole nother card and like a whole nother tab similar to workflow intelligence where it's like telling me exactly how I should be doing engineering my prompts better for for money not anything else just the money money lens so you know think back like the data scientist that you are bro how like how crazy can I AI get it bro you can get after like five years after five years bro dude dude like like it's crazy what you can do when you really try to like squeeze squeeze like AI like when you really like if you really try to squeeze AI and the only reason why this became like a project that I even stumbled upon was purely because I was just making my website and I had to use this shit I had to like fucking sit here and and fucking fucking just cry about how I'm up at 5 a.m. because some bug is happening or some bullshit right like and then I made it I'm like oh shit okay like I learned a lot maybe I should make some shit like and then while I was making this I was like I need some way to manage my agents because I'm like trying to do multiple things and then boom like here I am because it's like I wear I use AI I use clod every day at work at home it's kind of crazy that's why these tokens are so high especially and I think this is only yeah no these tokens are just very high it's kind of crazy um so yeah it's uh look and also your work mode one agent yeah bro um it's kind of crazy kind of crazy let's see let's see let's see if oh I actually kind of fucking up I need to check to see fuck bro fuck it's only been cooking for 40 seconds that's so fast but yeah now I'm like um right now I'm in that stage where I'm just like it's just fun to show people so I'm glad to have a bit to the bag somebody that this bit to the bag bro that I can finally go back and start working on my uh yeah 50 I got you yeah 50 I got you release a beta I release a beta and maybe maybe you can get invited I can actually do some my personal projects that I've been trying to do for a while if you have clod and low-key clod basically if you don't um oh I didn't know you can do control c shift c uh sorry go ahead um if you wanted to move this over if you wanted to uh I know I'm keeping you up if you wanted to use uh clod max it's dead ass worth it bro it's $100 a month like I would have spent so much money you know you know you know I spent I spent 150 on it on a year also this is monthly so it's low-key kind of crazy but Squarespace bro I spent money to get my fucking Squarespace domain that's just sitting there it's just sitting here just fucking just dead like it's 100 monthly crazy um is that crazy is that crazy it's really if you dedicate yourself to like actually making the money worth it it's it's worth it yeah thousand percent that's true that's true you have to be ready to actually like be on your shit though because but but otherwise if you're like okay like I actually have something that would solve my my daily problems and I have enough logic as someone with a background in cs and just to generalize the person that like if I try hard enough you could do it and also I could just put you on the game like that's the beauty of it is like knowledge sharing which in fact I'm making a discord like with uh some people from osu just like two or three people right and that's where I put some of these like if you look right here this is what the dispatch page started as and this is what it ended up being right and that's a bad example another great example is uh this right here dude bro I need to show you this so this is what it looked like the the campaign looked like at the start and then this is what the bottom looked like all right and then it started to look like this started to be way more readable right which is like that to me it becomes one of the most yeah it becomes one of the most important things is like can you make it so good that I just like I said every word is important I said that earlier every single word is important right so if I'm reading some shit like I can't nigga I can't read I'm too I can't read this bro I can't read this yeah I don't know what I'm looking at exactly you don't know what you're looking at this I'm like okay okay I can get an idea and I even improved upon it because some now all of these have taglines like it has this bolded start and so I started to make it a lot better like now it looks like this like where it has this and like it'll have the agent that worked on it and then it looks like this like yeah bro it's the type of shit you can do dude is like it's it's genuinely impressive like it's it's impressive so I if you if you ever wanted to like I'm at the point now where I could um uh put niggas are uh is it ready to test um sorry I'm at the stage now where I'm just trying to like create not create but just have like niggas that like are also kind of like either for me to put people on to or just in general just like have peers because that's the type of shit you would have in college but I'm not in college anymore so like having some like people to uh where's it um uh what is oh prompt engineering for cost oh yeah let's say 95 a prompt nigga yeah sometimes there was one prompt that I that I uh it spent like 15 minutes running mind you it can still do this like like part of it is like okay it must be it must be ai being used it's this bro you can still do your tasks but I'm just running it in like a it's like I'm heading to the grocery store in a Ferrari bro like I don't need I don't need to guess it there it's down the street it's fucking I'm going grocery shopping why am I pulling up in the fucking in the daily drive whip like this so that's basically what it's doing so it just brands up so much price like it makes a lot more expensive but um 51% of prompts are vague 1% are specific uh action re-reference file yeah let's see potential savings 34 single prompt sessions opportunity you have 34 sessions where you sent only one prompt these are often quick lookups they don't need opus see this will save me 300 bucks right here that's crazy dude what the fuck okay yeah so uh yeah that's it though that's I can let you leave now if you have any more questions I can answer them or just on a different day bro so you've been so maybe you clock out bro you just just get to working on your dude because after when I was when I was making my webs I keep going to it just because I love this screen but when um that is just the coolest I've ever made like this is so cool but uh uh yes bro because when I was making this I was clocking out to make this so it was like and for me I'm so dialed to photography to a certain extent that I'm like not as I said I am and I was so down to make like a booking process for my uh people trying to book with me that I was like okay I'm at the point now where I need to get this website out pronto ASAP because every day someone could book with me like this is this about my pockets right so my time has already been spent doing side projects and then now I was just like I entered this state where I was doing both at the same time and then now this project turned to this so it's kind of crazy I'd lowkey like I lowkey today you know it's crazy this week at work they have um uh like it's a hackathon week it's called fix hack learn and basically all meetings get cancelled and you can or you can do you can be by yourself you can be with people and you're just going out and doing something like you just go out do something and tell us what you did after the end of the week so they also I also just would be ghosting work like I would just be at work like working on this like this is basically because this impacts work like once I if I'm able to do shit like this at work nigga what what genuinely what like I my my yeah no I could make I could make something like this in literally five seconds like I can prompt for five seconds and it can go organize information in this way about something that's like eating eating my brain alive at work which if I go switch to work mode right here the rich information yep this shit yep same with this yep like I can just go I can yeah so it's very that the application for me is is now turning into all areas like of of life that involve code like which obviously is website building and like work yeah it's good yeah it's crazy I'm saying I I'm I'm I'm I'll open the door bro if you if you want to chop it up just in general or anything also not to force it on you either because like at the end of the day I just like demoing to friends and stuff just because it's just like like you're this session helped you helped me a lot and I helped myself a whole lot like because I I learned a lot about how to like present this to people and also just in general like uh yeah I recorded my screen too so you're like okay and then I'm gonna I'm gonna go tell AI to analyze the call that I had and like extract all the information they get like the recording yes bro that is that's really what's life changing you can go nigga imagine right the hope like I said pumps are rich you can you can um you can think about something like this being like okay I've been talking for x amount of time actually I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do like estimating I can estimate how much time I've been talking for it can you create uh or can you create a task to and make this easier like I want to do this right now to where uh uh each uh agent card I'm able to track um I'm able to track how long on estimate it thinks I've been talking so maybe come up with some like data and I'll let it you should also push this off to an agent don't make it yourself but you should make a follow-up agent that does this and it'll go analyze it and it'll try to estimate how much I've been talking like because most of how I interact with you is through whisper flow I talk and I want you to to um just like when I look at an agent card and I click on it I should in the summary I should be able to see like how much it thinks I've been talking just some metrics overall like right I'm trying to enrich this data so and yeah make sure it's very data centered and very data scientist's approach uh there we go let that shit run I'm gonna have an answer like go to sleep wake up bro I mean yeah it's so fun I I'm at the point now where like dead ass I could go around one-shotting stuff like I'm level 100 mafia boss like I was level one yeah it's kind of crazy I'm telling you like I work especially giving the recordings back beating it back bro like I that's the next frontier is being like I'm gonna start recording everything and just have a pipeline to where like I can have a summary of recordings by default of stuff at work especially nigga those meetings are so fried like so fried yeah but yeah so and I'm gonna tell I'm gonna go like I don't even have to repeat myself by saying like okay go make a work item based on like to analyze the videos of this of my work recording because I'm gonna just give it this video tell it go extract the work items go create them and then let's go I'm gonna go make a campaign and it's gonna make the agent so I'm gonna prompt them and I'm gonna be done like so fire she's crazy bro that ass is so far yeah but I'm glad I'm thank you for for staying on and doing this shit like let me let you know yeah bro that shit's the same yeah it's cool that shit's hella cool bro yeah so I would not be here if I would not be here if I did not find this shit interesting bro yeah yeah thank you you try to get some sleep yeah it's probably five a.m bro not even five no it's five a.m yeah it's five it's five it's five is daylight is it daylight saving this like tomorrow as you look down you could have looked down it could have said six bro dude if it says six bro like I just cook bro you just have to stay I want to get I want to get a car single bro I know I'm gonna have to go to the dealer shit bros what do you like a new car do you still uh drive or you're just trying to get your own shit like in my own shit I need to trade in trade in my that's that's the real step up hey if you want I can give you uh do you know what you're trying to um what you're trying to look for like the car you're looking for no the car the car I wanted is discontinued so I'm gonna have to keep searching that ass I can make a car looking up to a bro I could I could like this this is the type of shit I actually am so interested to do is like solving problems because that's what I'm doing like I'm able to actually solve problems now like like at least if it if it relates to data if there's some if you're trying to service a whole bunch of cars and like I can like build a scraper that would go scrape like bros it's it's genuinely insane the shit that you can do I'm nerding I gotta I gotta chill because I I mean dead ass is crazy but um yeah good luck with the car building or car refining because that that could be so annoying it's that it's free bro oh my god yeah but the thing is you won't have to like if you man the thing is you could even still hit your limits with 100 a month I probably not but like some people who are just starting we're gonna hit their limits but if you like if I like give you some if I put you on the game you could I'm not gonna I'm gonna literally I'm gonna start tracking my limits and making sure I can like reduce my my cost and then genuinely genuinely it's yeah yeah bro all right then yeah yeah all right I'll see you bro yeah see you yeah yo okay I'm gonna end the recording